Check, Correct & Improve Hyperlinks - Closes 1867 (#1870)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/build-blockchain/plugin/configuring-plugin.adoc

* [x] Overwriting default configuration.
====

TIP: The relevant files discussed in this guide are {url_github_schemas}[schemas.ts^], {url_github_types}[types.ts^], and {url_github_custom_config}[custom_config.json^].

== Defining a sync interval configuration

> A plugin can have its own set of configurations, and as we want our plugin to sync with the on-chain data after a specific interval, a config will help.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A plugin is capable of having its own set of configurations, and since we aim for our plugin to sync with on-chain data at specific intervals, having a config will be beneficial.
```
